Start of game (day 0):
Welcome msg/backstory: You wake up and ur in a farm and ur stuck.
Choose a role: Produce Farmer, Livestock Farmer, Grain Farmer
Object of the game: make enough coins to buy a train ticket and escape the farm.

Every day: 7 moves
Options for moves
1. Plant
2. Harvest (if theres a ripe plant)
3. Water (if there are unripe plants) (water 2 times to ripen) (waters ALL plants)
4. Produce (if you have collected ripe plants in ur inventory. Apples -> pie, Milk -> cheese, Wheat -> bread.
5. Sell (if you have goods, sell for 10 coins)

Nightmares
1. Tornado (inventory gone) - "A tornado visits your farm. All of your crops are gone. Your inventory is now size 0."
2. Stonk Market up (sell things for double coins) - "Overnight, the stonk market goes up. Tomorrow, your " + this.getProduce() + " sells for double coins. Hooray!"
3. Jim (mild demon) - Take ?% of coins (random number generator of 10, 20,.., 50 %) "Jim the Mild Demon visits your farm. You lose __ coins. Unfortunate."
4. Jennifer (spicy demon) - Take ?% of coines from 50-100 "Jennifer the Spicy Demon visits your farm. You lose __ coins. Unfortunate."
5. Mira (chill demon) - Mira really wants to attend a Gracie concert so she takes 75% of your money. "Mira the Chill Demon visits your farm. She takes 75% of your coins and buys a Gracie Abrams concert ticket. Thanks!"
6. Jack (hungry demon) - farm gone "Jack the Hungry Demon visits your farm. He eats all of your plants. Your farm is now size 0."
7. Jill (angry demon) - Random number generator using length of farm array, that many are removed. "Jill the Angry Demon visits your farm. She eats ___ of your plants. "
8. A mysterious stranger needs medical bills (pay $10). "A mysterious injured stranger visits your farm. You pay 10 coins for his medical bills, and send him on his way." 
9. (If stranger has come before) The mysterious stranger returns needing money again. You decline and he beats you up and takes $10 "The mysterious stranger returns and asks for more money. You refuse, so he beats you up and takes 10 coins."
10. Win the lottery (get 20 coins) "Congrats! You win 20 coins from a lottery somewhere."
11. Daylight gainings (2 extra moves) "Daylight gainings occurs. You get 2 extra moves this turn. Spend them wisely..."


Ending:
You take a seat on the Super-Duper-Rico train and breathe out a sigh of relief. The train hurtles out of the station, and you watch Nightmare Farm disappear into the distance outside the window. 
Soon enough, the steady jostling of the train puts you into a deep sleep, and hours later, you open your eyes to find that you are back in the comfort of your bed, safe within your home. Murky memories of a farm, and demons, and annoying mysterious men start to surface, but they fade quickly as you turn over and go back to sleep.
What a strange dream! Or was it?


